Abstract: 
Should contain the following aspects:
1. Background of the problem --> 1 - 2 sentences.
2. Correlated study --> 1 sentence.
3. Proposed solution to the problem from your research --> 1 sentence.
4. Methodology used in the research --> 1 sentence.
5. Result and claims from experiment that compare to the correlated study --> 1 sentence

Note:
Results should be form as quantitative description.

Introduction:
1. Contains the background problem aim to be resolved and relevant references
2. Related work that previously done by academic or research community
3. Our proposed method against the related work
4. Our contribution in the paper should be in point by point 
5. The relevances of each paragraph inside this sections is defined by Main idea, 
Evidence, Analisys, and Link back to the main Concepts.

Proposed model concepts:
1. Fundamental idea or theory relevant to proposed concepts
2. Diagram of concept and descriptions 
3. Include the fundamental references that related to our concept.

Formulizing of fundamental concept: 
1. Pseudocode or algorithm design and its description

Methodology:
1. Evaluation environment diagram for better undestanding how the research are conducted
2. Environment specification, include: hardware and software used, specific setting and scenario
3. Diagram flow of evaluation was conducted if any.

Result and Discussion
1. Table and graph of results if any. Shows a clear diagram and table 
2. Explain the results that we claim against related works.
3. If possible also include any other theory to support our result claims.

Conclusion and Future Work
1. Wrap-up what we describe in the section 1 (introduction) as problem we aim to solve and compare the 
results we claims against comparable system defined in the Methodology sections.
2. Future work a simple sentence of our next plan to the following proposed concepts

Acknowledge:
If your research is based on NEDO project, please put the following sentences into the paper:
This work is based on results obtained from the project, "Research and Development Project of the Enhanced 
infrastructures for Post-5G Information and Communication Systems" (JPNP20017), commissioned by the New Energy 
and Industrial Technology Development Organization (NEDO).


